So we're gonna go to our
cluster repository, right?
And again,
I would recommend in the browser going to
the cluster repository for the course.
So that's gonna be aws-cluster.
And do the exact same thing before.
We're gonna to our branch,
setup AWS automation, okay?
So again, the branches match so
that you know you're on the right thing.
So eci-terraform-aws-cluster, right?
And then, I'm gonna do the exact same
thing I did before, data, lb, main,
user_data, and variables.
We're gonna create all these.
It's a new file, data.tf.
And I'm just gonna create
them all right now.
So I have lb.tf, main.tf,
and Variables.tf.
Now, I'm using something called nnn,
which is a very nice
file viewer in the CLI.
But you can also just do touch,
and then the name to create those.
So it's either of the two,
whichever you want.
So data, Copy, paste, right?
Lb, Copy, paste,
main, Copy, paste.
And I forgot the user data.
I think, new file user_data.tpl.
Now this is the unique one file that
is different than all the other files,
because this is an actual template that's
gonna get injected into our EC2 instances.
So just note that this
is actually a template.
You don't need to change
anything in this file.
[LAUGH] Just copy and paste it directly,
it knows how to take care of
the terraform that it passes.
So we do that, and
then we go to variables.
Let me copy variables.
Now I'm gonna stop here because I
wanna show you the variables for
the cluster, right?
We looked at the variables for the service
and we said, okay, well, we've got AZs,
we've got cider block, we've got other
things, right, but what about our cluster?
What is our cluster care about, right?
Well, for starters, a cluster is actually
gonna care about the domain we're on.
Why is it gonna care about that?
Because our cluster manages
all of our load balancing,
all of our ingress rules for
our load balancers.
And so it won't know what domain you're
trying to route to unless it is a part of
the actual automation, right?
So that's gonna be the first thing
we're gonna add is our domain.
Now again, don't worry about actually
making defaults or anything like that,
right, just keep it as it is.
The next one is environment.
This one is probably pretty
straightforward, right?
This is a cluster for
a specific environment.
Now you might be like, hey, Eric, why?
[LAUGH] You don't have to.
If you don't want to, you don't have to.
The nice thing about ECS
clusters is they're free,
because they're not actually anything,
right?
You pay for the EC2 instances,
not the ECS clusters.
So in this scenario,
you could have a cluster,
they're kind of like folders in a bit of
a way, where you could have a cluster for
dev, a cluster for staging,
a cluster for whatever.
And that's the paradigm that we're
essentially doing here, right?
Then we have instance type.
You'll notice this has a default.
Can anyone guess why I might set
a sane default for the instance type?
>> Cost.
>> Cost, yeah,
[LAUGH] exactly, yeah, cost.
And you might also notice right underneath
it, the second thing we're trying to do to
save money, which is, we're gonna
use spot instances here, right?
So just note that this
cluster has a domain for it.
It has an environment that it's for, it
has an instance type that is predefined,
it has a market type that is predefined,
then then it has a name.
So we actually name the cluster, right,
and then what's called a vpc_name.
Now you might be like, well, what's a VPC?
The VPC is created in the network
module that we just made.
So if we go back to our diagram,
technically, it's not just that
we're creating a provider network module,
but in the same way, and
this is something that it was too hard
to convey [LAUGH] in a flow chart.
But in the same way,
it's also a dependency of
the cluster workspace, right?
So what we're doing is, again, we're using
to connect these things together, right?
We have a variable in TFE, we have
a variable in GitHub, and now we're at
the point where we wanna create a bunch of
networks and a bunch of clusters, right?
So we need to have a sane way of
essentially wiring all that together,
right?
So the network is first,
that will create the VPC,
everything we need on the lower level, and
then the cluster will sit on top of that.
So if the cluster sits on top of that,
what do you think
the services sit on top of?
>> The cluster.
>> On top of the cluster, exactly.
Layered automation, right?
So we're gonna go back here,
I'm gonna do a Terraform in it.
And then I'm gonna do a validate.
Beautiful, okay, cool.
So we have an automation setup.
Sorry, we have automation setup for
our cluster now as well.
So I'm gonna get it checked out.
I'm gonna create a branch again,
call it add resources.
Git status, git add data.
If you wanna make it a little bit easier,
you can just do this, star.tf.
That'll add all your TF files for you.
>> No back end yet?
No back end?
>> No back end yet.
We're never gonna use a back end in
these repos, you'll see why in a second.
And then add the user TPL.
Cool, so we're gonna get commit,
this is the flow.
Those back ends, you should never have
to touch going forward, is what I mean.
So those back ends are only there for
the bootstrapping.
Once we have those, everything is
configurable via TerraForm cloud and
the automation we've made.
So now what we're gonna do is, is we're
gonna say, feature added resources.
Push, And then gh pr create.
Or go to the repo, open up a PR.
What's interesting about this?
One of the things that's interesting
about this is that for starters,
we don't see a status check on
either of these repos, right?
Does anyone know why we don't see
status checks on these repos?
[INAUDIBLE] Connected.
>> There's no workspace, there's no back.
Yeah, there's nothing, yeah,
it's just repos right now.
But these are automation repos that
we know we wanna keep using, right?
So that's okay, that's okay.
So we're gonna hit squash and merge.
Squash, there we go.
And then [LAUGH] we will squash and
merge our changes, right?
So we know we validated them, right?
We did a TerraForm validate, oops,
that's not what I meant to do.
Validate, right, cool.
So then I'm going to git checkout main,
git pull origin main,
and then git branch -d,
sorry, added-resources.
There we go.
Wait, what?
Feature.
I see.
Yeah, it's fine.
If you run into that error, it's because
we have a terraform.lock file sitting here
and it's like, well, I don't wanna
delete something that's still there.
It's like, [SOUND].
it's okay, just dash d, capital D,
and it'll delete it for you.
Okay, cool, so
I'm gonna pull in really quickly, awesome.